everybody just wanted to do a quick one
with update of my kinship we take care
I've had the hair for in about a week my
order the 24 22 20 and an 18 inch lace
closure in my previous video I stated
that I didn't like the closure so I went
ahead and cut the are you know cut the
culture down the middle and open it up
like a new part so I do hope we vote now
and it's not as straight as it was
earlier because it is raining we're also
I colored the hair to a blue black type
of color the brown it came up at number
two it didn't match my hair so I went
ahead and put the Manic Panic midnight
or after midnight blue on top it's all
just made it like a blue-black color
it's probably a little bit hard to pick
up on camera when I first met to here I
wasn't really impressed I didn't think I
really liked it but over the week I am
liking I especially like him now that I
opened it up into a you part of versus
how I've had it before I get a lot of
compliments on this area compliments
multiple comment compliments every day
also a little thing I don't like about
the hair it does kind of tangle on the
ends and I did also notice that after I
put the color on it even though the
semi-permanent dye it didn't make the
ends a little bit jar so I'm gonna go
ahead and do another deep conditioning
treatment and also get some oil in there
I usually use this to condition the air
with and but I'm gonna go to Sally's and
get a different type of conditioner to
do my deep conditioning and I also
wanted to show you guys how well the
hair straight is this is just the back
piece that are straightening it's really
silky really soft and I got it this
straight with just one pass and I'm
gonna probably can't see but the hair
it's really long it goes all the way
past my waist and I'm just straightening
I like those
he said by sub-elements and my Pullman
chiffon iron chased it with the comb
also good I liked about this here
my bottom bundle I noticed that there
was a gap I'm pretty big gap in between
the 24 and the 22 and I got this because
I measured the hair and this bottom
bundle actually measures up to be about
26 27
so let's nice take it a little bit
longer here and then what you came for
you kind of funky get more bang for your
buck I'm again I was right now I'd be
like the air I like it more than when I
received it
oh look I'm not sure again if the air is
gonna last me a hear of six months I
don't think it'll last that long just
because again the ends do sing a little
bit and it does shed not excessively but
I feel like when the hair comes out they
come out in large portions like more
than one or two strands come out when it
does and I did so my web Sardo that
does have you know a part in it so
probably if I ever took this apart now I
would definitely go ahead and sell those
webs and so while I have this piece
straight and I'm just going to show you
how it curls
maybe one day I'll straighten the whole
thing just to see how it looks but eyes
are very not really like the deep wave
texture that it is and it's a little bit
more on the curly side then and I'm
deeply but I really like it
I'm just gonna show you how it curls
and that's just a small piece it's
really pretty bouncy China my house
I earn 400 per Section probably to
office but gets the job done again
excuse my leave out in order to blame my
hair with this and I don't have a real
boxer or anything
I only relax my edges not the rest of my
hair and so in order to get it something
I do apply heat to the extinctions and
my natural hair just to help it blend a
little bit better and these are the
curls also I'm I noticed that the
pattern in the color doesn't match the
hair exactly and I kind of bothers me
because as far as when the hair is all
wet and normally how it comes together
the closure doesn't really blend you can
see right here like this is the closure
and the curling wave pattern is a little
bit looser and the actual extensions but
it's not a super big deal
and this is all the back okay
and just come alone
so the surprise recommend in the air I
would recommend it and before I had
thought about buying another bundle to
fill in the bottom as of right now but
I'm wearing it curly or wavy I probably
wouldn't if I decided to start wearing
in a straight and stay I might add
another bundle but that's up right now
I'm fine with the way it is and I'll
come back in a couple weeks and see how
it gently